
　　A Sunday between March 22 and April 25
　　The meaning of many different customs observed during Easter Sunday have 
been buried with time. Their origins lie in pre-Christian religions and 
Christianity. All in some way or another are a "salute to spring," marking 
re-birth. The white Easter lily has come to capture the glory of the holiday. 
The word "Easter" is named after Eastre, the Anglo-Saxon goddess of spring. A 
festival was held in her honor every year at the vernal equinox （春分）.
　　People celebrate the holiday according to their beliefs and their religious 
denominations （命名）. Christians commemorate Good Friday as the day that Jesus 
Christ died and Easter Sunday as the day that He was resurrected （复活）. 
Protestant settlers brought the custom of a sunrise service, a religious 
gathering at dawn, to the United States.
　　This year Easter will be celebrated on Sunday April 11, 2004. On Easter 
Sunday children wake up to find that the Easter Bunny has left them baskets of 
candy. He has also hidden the eggs that they decorated earlier that week. 
Children hunt for the eggs all around the house. Neighborhoods and organizations 
hold Easter egg hunts, and the child who finds the most eggs wins a prize.
　　The Easter Bunny is a rabbit-spirit. Long ago, he was called the" Easter 
Hare." Hares and rabbits have frequent multiple births so they became a symbol 
of fertility. The custom of an Easter egg hunt began because children believed 
that hares laid eggs in the grass. The Romans believed that "All life comes from 
an egg." Christians consider eggs to be "the seed of life" and so they are 
symbolic of the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
　　Why we dye, or color, and decorate eggs is not certain. In ancient Egypt, 
Greece, Rome and Persia eggs were dyed for spring festivals. In medieval Europe, 
beautifully decorated eggs were given as gifts.
　　Egg Rolling
　　In England, Germany and some other countries, children rolled eggs down 
hills on Easter morning, a game which has been connected to the rolling away of 
the rock from Jesus Christ's tomb when he was resurrected. British settlers 
brought this custom to the New World.
　　In the United States in the early nineteenth century, Dolly Madison, the 
wife of the fourth American President, organized an egg roll in Washington, D.C. 
She had been told that Egyptian children used to roll eggs against the pyramids 
so she invited the children of Washington to roll hard-boiled eggs down the 
hilly lawn of the new Capitol building! The custom continued, except for the 
years during the Civil War. In 1880, the First Lady invited children to the 
White House for the Egg Roll because officials had complained that they were 
ruining the Capitol lawn. It has been held there ever since then, only canceled 
during times of war. The event has grown, and today Easter Monday is the only 
day of the year when tourists are allowed to wander over the White House lawn. 
The wife of the President sponsors it for the children of the entire country. 
The egg rolling event is open to children twelve years old and under. Adults are 
allowed only when accompanied by children!
　　Traditionally, many celebrants （司仪神父） bought new clothes for Easter which 
they wore to church. After church services, everyone went for a walk around the 
town. This led to the American custom of Easter parades all over the country. 
Perhaps the most famous is along Fifth Avenue in New York City.
　　Good Friday is a federal holiday in 16 states and many schools and 
businesses throughout the U.S. are closed on this Friday.
　　