
　　希望能给需要的人有帮助
　　Money and Finance
　　1.Profit is money you gain from selling something, which is more than the 
money you paid for it. Loss is money you have spent and not got back.
　　2.Extravagant describes somebody who spends a lot of money. Frugal or 
economical describes somebody who is careful with money.
　　3.A current account is a bank account from which you can take money at any 
time. A deposit account is a bank account which pays you interest if you leave 
money in it for some time (we can also use the expression savings account or 
notice account).
　　4.A loan is money which you borrow to buy something. A mortgage is a 
special kind of loan used to buy a house over a period of time.
　　5.To deposit money is to put money into a bank account. To withdraw money 
is to take money out of a bank account.
　　6.A wage and a salary are money you receive for doing a job, but wage is 
usually paid daily or weekly and a salary is usually paid monthly.
　　7.If you are broke, you have no money. It is an informal expression. If you 
are bankrupt, you are not able to pay back money you have borrowed. It is a very 
serious financial situation for somebody to be in.
　　8.In the UK, shares are one of the many equal parts into which a company’s 
capital is divided. People who buy them are called shareholders. Stocks are 
shares which are issued by the government. Dividends are parts of a company’s 
profit shared out among the shareholders.
　　9.Income tax is a tax on money earned as wages or salary. Excise duty is a 
tax on certain goods produced in a country, such as cigarettes or alcohol.
　　10.To credit somebody’s bank account is to put money into the account. To 
debit somebody’s bank account is to take money out. In the UK, many people pay 
for bills, etc… using a system called “direct debit”, where money is taken 
directly from their account by the company providing the goods or service.
　　11.Traditionally a bank is a business organization which keeps money for 
customers and pays it out on demand or lends them money, and a building society 
is more usually associated with saving money or lending people money to buy 
houses.
　　12.A discount is the percentage by which a full price is reduced to a buyer 
by the seller. A refund is money paid back when, for example, returning 
something to a shop.
　　13.A bargain is something bought more cheaply than usual. Something which 
is overpriced is too expensive. Something which is exorbitant costs much more 
than its true value.
　　14.A worthless object is something which has no value. A priceless object 
is an extremely valuable object.
　　15.If you save money, you put it to one side so that you can use it later. 
If you invest money, you put it into property, shares, etc…so that it will 
increase in value.
　　16.Inflation is a state of economy where prices and wages increase. 
Deflation is a reduction of economic activity.
　　17.Income is the money you receive. Expenditure is the money you spend.
　　18.If you lend money, you let someone use your money for a certain period 
of time. If you borrow money from someone, you take money for a time, usually 
paying interest.
　
&nbsp;
　来源:英语联盟