
　　这篇《听力薄弱词汇总结》本来是给我自己写的，里面有很多自己的联想。既然写了，就需要大家的批评指正，共同进步嘛～～
　　1) a change of pace 节奏变换 （学习工作累了，要换个事情做，劳逸结合的意思）
　　You can’t do these chemistry experiments all day long. You certainly need a 
change of pace.
　　2) a far cry from 相距甚远 （里面有个cry，往往是加重语气的）
　　The published book is far cry from the early manuscript.
　　3) a phone call away 一个电话之远，愿意过来帮忙。
　　If you need my help, do let me know. Just remember I am a phone call 
away.
　　4) a while back 不久以前 （这里有个back，听的时候要注意）
　　5) all along 一直 （注意连读，类似“哦了浪”）
　　I knew it all along.
　　6) anything but 绝对不 （不难理解，就是听觉反应要快）
　　I was anything but happy about going.
　　7) account for 解释 （这个太重要了，一定要好好记忆！）
　　How do you account for it?
　　8) at sb’s service 愿为某人服务（注意哦，这是个奉献型短语，可以理解成“随时听您调遣”的意思） I am at your 
service at any time.
　　9) around the clock 24小时不停（已经出现N次了）
　　Martha studied around the clock for management exam.
　　10) at home with 对…..很熟悉（很有特点，好记，希望考，就便宜我了）
　　She is at home with problems like this.
　　11) back out （注意过去时的发音，有点“掰课套”的音）
　　1) 退出 （有点爽约的意思在里头）
　　A: Wasn’t Bert supposed to sing tonight?
　　B: Yes, but he backed out at last minute
　　2）不履行
　　She finally backed out of her promise.
　　12) be cut out for 天生适合（意思怪怪的，可以理解成从一堆人里面把sb单独cut 
out出来，做sth，这样就说明这个sb天生适合做这个） I’m not cut out to be a hero.
　　13) be attached to 对……有感情 （黏在一起，当然有感情了！）
　　A: I’m amazed that you are still driving that old car of yours. I thought 
you would have gotten rid of it years ago.
　　B: It runs well and I’ve actually been quite attached to it.
　　14) back up
　　1) 堆积
　　The subway is running behind schedule, and traffic is backed up for blocks. 
I don’t know if we’ll make the 6:30 show.（能听懂这句也行啊，当然能全听懂更好）
　　2) 支持 （俗话说的好：我挺你！！！不就是这个意思嘛～！）
　　I’ll back it up.
　　15) be bound for 到……地方 
（这个很没头没脑，bound有跳跃的意思，难道是夸张的说法？你要跳跃到什么地方？？！晕，听懂就行，太无厘头不要用了）
　　The bus is bound for New England.
　　16) be (feel) myself 找到自我 （很像friends里chandler说的话：I am a real boy!!~）
　　I’m feeling myself again.
　　17) be burned up 生气 （政政讲过，被怒火点着了）
　　She was really burned up at the news.
　　18) be hard up for （流行美语第131课有啦～意思是“什么什么不够”）
　　I’m hard up for clothes, but I have a lot of books.
　　19) be head and shoulders above 好许多 （好记，因为可以想像自己和姚明比高的感觉。。啊哦。。I am not feeling myself!）
　　In calculus, Joe is head and shoulders above his classmates..
　　20) be stuck 卡住了（记得有一个极为BT的段子，是说一个抽屉被纸stuck了！这么拍案的词儿不记说不过去啊） I can’t get 
this window open. It’s stuck.
　　21) bite off more than one can chew. 贪多嚼不烂 
（越长越难记呀～but（but后面是答案哦！嘿嘿）,越长越好听出来呀！努力！！）
　　A: I hear you’re taking an advanced physics course this semester.
　　B: I think I’ve bitten off more than I can chew.
　　22) break new ground 有了新的突破 （maybe一个搞考古的人发明的这个词儿吧！每天拿着洛阳铲插ground） His 
architectural design broke new ground in the field.
　　23) benefit concert 慈善音乐会 （慈善总是益处多多）
　　24) busy signal 占线 （不难理解，建立听觉反应）
　　25) call for
　　A 预报 （有点警告的意思）
　　The forecast calls for heavy rain again 
tonight. Aren’t you glad we’ll be getting away from this for a week?
　　B 问路 （很无助的感觉）
　　It’s probably in the new part of town. We’ll have to call for 
directions.
　　26) call it a day 就此结束 (死记吧，这个段子挺长，想像个场景记住它)
　　A: I’m really glad our club decides to raise money for the children’s 
hospital, and most of the people we’ve phoned seemed happy to contribute.
　　B: Yeah, I agree. Now we’ve gone through all the numbers on our list now, 
so I guess we can call it a day.
　　27) cash the paycheck 兑现工资 （注意过去时态的发音）
　　28) come what may 不管怎样 （曾记得，有人把它翻译成：来吧！五月！ Come! What（语气词，不翻译）,May!）
　　We’ll pick you up tomorrow at eight, come what may.
　　29) department chair 系主任 （听个几次想忘都难）
　　I didn’t write that memo to the department chair.
　　30) dirt cheap 非常便宜 （能听懂cheap就行～！dirt也有鸡毛蒜皮三八事的意思，见friends。）
　　A: You’ve already furnished your apartment?
　　B: I’ve found some used furniture that was dirt cheap.
　　31) dog tired 特别累，同义：run down; worn out; out of steam 
（美国人总爱用狗来说明问题，似乎没有狗就不够形象不够立体不够生动不够传神，所以记住这重要的狗狗吧）
　　I’m dog tired these days. I’m working on seven articles.
　　32) down jacket 羽绒服 
（这算个commonsense。。冷了就从地上拣起羽绒服穿，穿上之后过于臃肿，摔倒在地，彻底down掉）
　　33) fall back on 依赖 （有点“试着脱离，但终究发现没有什么什么不行，还是别逞强”的意思）
　　A: Were you able to understand that French novel without any help from the 
teacher?
　　B: I did pretty well, but I had to fall back on my dictionary 
occasionally.
　　34) fill a prescription 按处方抓药 （挺熟了，再加强一下）
　　Would you please fill this prescription for me?
　　35) food for thought 
令人思考的东西（很具有迷惑性呀！精神食量非常重要，没有它又要丢分啦！）；同义：thought-provoking There is a lot food for 
thought in what he had to say.
　　36) for nothing 免费 （这个用法很有意思，还有种说法更有意思：You are good for 
nothing.很恶毒的评判别人的话，不到万不得已，不要对别人讲哦，伤自尊滴）
　　To pay to see that movie would be foolish, when you can see it on TV for 
nothing（free）.
　　37) get of on the wrong foot 开始事情就做错了 （从脚开始就错了，有点像我们中国话“你打根儿起就错了！”） I got 
off on the wrong foot, and I don’t have any idea which way to turn now.
　　38) get a lot out of something 从……学到很多
　　The training program was difficult, but she got a lot out of 
it.（用在这句话中，就很容易让人confused）
　　39) get at 想说 （好词呀！口语用感觉很地道）
　　Do you understand what I’m getting at?
　　40) get on one’s nerve 惹怒，让某人心烦。（连老子神经都敢上（get on），活的不耐烦了？）
　　A: Why did you come to the meeting late? I left a message with your 
roommate about the time change.
　　B: She has a very short memory and it really gets on my nerve 
sometimes.
　　41) give credibility to 相信
　　A: did you hear about Jim?
　　B: I wouldn’t give that rumor any credibility. （这句不错，不要老说I do not believe 
that）
　　42) go to one’s head 
某人自负（这个短语在google上查有两个意思，一个是说喝酒让某人头脑轻微兴奋，就是头脑发热。另外一个解释是former的引申意思，指由于成功和赞赏，使某人自负起来。结合起来理解，就明白这个段子啦）
　　A: Have you noticed how John’s changed since he became student government 
president?
　　B: I think the whole thing has gone to his head, and he used to be so 
sociable and open.
　　43) graduation announcements 毕业典礼请柬 （核心在请柬上，多加注意呀）
　　Have you ordered your graduation announcements?
　　44) groan about 抱怨 （对什么什么呻吟，不是抱怨难道是兴奋的？没听说过。。）
　　How come Michael’s always groaning about something?
　　45) guest lecturer 客座教授 （完全中文翻译，当词汇记住）
　　46) hand-me-down 送的东西 （请收 下 我 的礼物）
　　A: What a gorgeous jacket. It must have cost a fortune.
　　B: Not at all. It’s a hand-me-down. （说话好不风凉。。）
　　47) hand down 易如反掌 （这个翻译妙极！）
　　Lee won the chess match hands down.
　　48) have a way with 擅长 （对什么什么很有办法）
　　Bonnie really has a way with words
　　49) hold the grudge 记仇 （我觉得翻译成怀恨在心更好一点）
　　A: I wish I hadn’t hurt Mary’s feelings like that. You know I never meant 
to.
　　B: The great thing about Mary is that she doesn’t hold the grudge.
　　50) in next to no time 马上 （好玩～记住，想起GUN&amp;ROSE的那首RIGHT NEXT TO THE 
HELL）
　　A: Are you going to be using the copying machine long?
　　B: I’ll be through in next to no time.
　　51) quitting time 下课时间（口语中，I quit!!意思是“我不干了！”，下课咯！是可以对自己说我不干了的时候！） I’m glad 
it’s almost quitting time.
　　52) take it over 重修，接管
　　Don failed physics and had to take it over.
　　53) with flying colors 成功 （成功之后，眉飞色舞）
　　A: How did Ellen do on her American History exam?
　　B: She passed with flying colors.
　　54) You can bet your life 当然 （缩说，可以变成You bet!）
　　A: Will Prof. Smith come to class on time?
　　B: You can bet your life.
　　