










Zurich, Switzerland. 
Zurich of Switzerland is the city with the highest quality of life in 2006, while Baghdad, for the third year running, has the lowest, a survey published by human resource company Mercer on Monday shows. 
Zurich, Geneva and Vancouver made the top three in the list while Bangui in the Central African Republic and Brazzaville, the capital of Congo Republic, joined Baghdad in the bottom three. 
The top three cities in the list are all unchanged from last year. 
Almost half the top 30 scoring cities are in Western Europe. In this region, Vienna follows Zurich and Geneva in 4th position. Other highly-rated cities include Dusseldorf, Frankfurt and Munich in positions 6, 7 and 8 respectively. Athens remains the lowest scoring city in Western Europe, standing at position 79. 
Chicago is one of the biggest climbers in the rankings since 2005, rising to 41st from 52nd due to reduced crime rates, while Cairo is one of the biggest fallers, sliding nine places to 131st out of 215 cities. 
"(This was) due to political turmoil and terrorist attacks in the city and surrounding area," Mercer said. 
Asia-Pacific Auckland and Wellington have both moved up the rankings from 8th to 5th and 14th to 12th places respectively, while Sydney remains at position 9. 
In Asia, Singapore ranks 34th followed by Tokyo, Japan's highest scoring city, at position 35. Hong Kong's modern and efficient infrastructure, including its airport which is considered one of best in the world, has pushed it up from 70th to 68th position. 
The top-ranking city in China's mainland is Shanghai in 103rd place. 
"Beijing and Shanghai are on the rise and should experience rapid improvements in quality of living in the coming years. This is mainly due to greater international investment driven by the availability and lower cost of labour and manufacturing expertise," explained Mr. Slagin Parakatil, Senior Researcher at Mercer. 
Mercer bases its annual survey on 39 quality-of-life factors, from political stability to schools, bars, restaurants and the environment. 
The top ten cities in the list: 
Zurich, SwitzerlandGeneva, SwitzerlandVancouver, CanadaVienna, AustriaAuckland, New ZealandDusseldorf, GermanyMunich, GermanySydney, AustraliaBerne, Switzerland(Agencies)

本周一，美世人力资源咨询公司公布的一项调查显示，2006年全球生活质量最高的城市为瑞士的苏黎世；而巴格达则连续三年垫底。 
苏黎世、日内瓦和温哥华位居排行榜研究生院前三名；排名垫底的三座城市中，除巴格达外，还有中非共和国的班吉和刚果共和国首都布拉扎维。 
排行榜前三位的城市和去年相比没有什么变化。 
得分排在前三十名的城市中近一半集中在西欧地区。维也纳位居苏黎世和日内瓦之后，排名第四。其他几个得分较高的城市包括杜塞尔多夫，法兰克福和慕尼黑，分别排在第六、第七和第八位。雅典是西欧地区得分最低的城市，位于第79位。 
芝加哥是2005年以来榜上排名进步最大的城市之一，从52位升至41位。这主要归功于芝加哥犯罪率的下降。而开罗则是榜上排名下降最多的城市之一，下滑9位，跌至215个城市中的第131位。 
据美世公司介绍，开罗及其周边地区的政局动荡和恐怖分子的袭击是其排名下滑的主要原因。 
亚太地区的奥克兰和惠灵顿分别从榜上的第8位和第14位攀升至第5位和第12位，而悉尼则仍然位居第九。 
亚洲的新加坡名列第34位，位居其后的是日本得分最高的城市东京，排行第35位。香港排名从70位升至68位，这主要得益于其现代化、高效的基础设施。香港的机场被认为是“世界上最好的机场之一”。 
中国内地排名最靠前的城市是上海，居于榜上第103位。 
美世高级研究员Slagin Parakatil 先生解释说：“北京和上海正处于上升期，两个城市的生活质量在未来几年应该会有快速提高。这主要和充足、低成本的劳动力以及生产制造技术带来的国际投资的增长有关。” 
美世公司此项年度调查的根据是39项反映生活质量的指标，包括政治稳定、学校、酒吧、餐馆以及环境等。 
排行前十位的城市： 
瑞士苏黎世 瑞士日内瓦加拿大温哥华奥地利维也纳新西兰奥克兰 德国杜塞尔多夫德国法兰克福 德国慕尼黑澳大利亚悉尼 瑞士伯尔尼







