
&nbsp;
　　The Kamchatka brown bear named Mikhailo Potapovich yawns in his cage after 
awakening from the winter hibernation at the Moscow's Zoo.
　　A bear in the Moscow zoo with a knack for weather forecasting has told 
Muscovites to hang up their fur coats: spring is here.
　　The brown Kamchatka bear woke Monday from his hibernation, the Gazeta daily 
reported Tuesday, and that means without fail that the especially harsh Russian 
winter of 2005-06 can be declared over.
　　"For the last 20 years, the Kamchatka bear here has ended his hibernation 
on hearing the voice of spring," Gazeta wrote. "Unlike staff at the 
meteorological centre, the animal has not made a mistake yet."
　　If current conditions are anything to go by, the Moscow zoo's 
weather-sniffing bear has hit the bull's eye again. The capital is relaxing in 
warm sunshine, with daytime temperatures expected to hover around seven degrees 
Celsius (43 degrees Fahrenheit) for the rest of the week -- a far cry from 
deadly cold waves seen in January and February.
　　Thanks to his skills, the weather bear is something of a star. His name is 
kept secret "so that visitors don't bother him," according to Gazeta, and his 
diet is under close watch.
　　"While he was semi-conscious, he was on a special diet and ate only 
apples," Gazeta said. "But now the bear is on normal rations, the bulk of which, 
apart from fruits, consists of bread, buckwheat, vegetables and a little 
meat."
　　Understandably after his deep, months-long sleep, he is taking things step 
by step.
　　"He walks around his cage, he sunbathes with pleasure. What he's not doing 
yet is interacting with visitors."
　　(Agencies)
　　莫斯科动物园有只熊具有“天气预报”的特异功能，它能让莫斯科人知道春天来了，该脱下皮毛外套了。
　　据Gazeta日报周二报道，本周一，这只棕色的堪察加半岛熊从冬眠中醒来，这意味着俄罗斯2005至2006年的严冬一定是要结束了。
　　Gazeta日报报道说，在过去的20年里，这只堪察加半岛熊只要一感觉到春天的气息，就会从冬眠中醒来。它从来没有出过差错，比气象中心工作人员的预报都要准。
　　目前的天气状况也足以说明莫斯科动物园的这只天气预报熊今年又准了一把。莫斯科城沐浴在温暖的阳光里，预计，本周后几天的日间温度将在7摄氏度左右，和一月和二月极度寒冷的天气状况大不一样。
　　据报道，由于这只“天气预报熊”的特异功能，它成了一个不大不小的“星”。它的名字是保密的，“这样游客们就不会来打扰它了”，同时，它的饮食也受到严密监视。
　　Gazeta日报说：“这只熊在冬眠（处于半清醒状态）时，它的饮食有特殊安排，只吃苹果。但现在它已经开始正常进食了，除了水果，还吃面包、荞麦、蔬菜和少量的肉。”
　　可以理解，在长达数月的冬眠后，它需要逐渐的摄入食物了。
　　“它在笼子里走来走去，美美的晒着‘日光浴’，现在就差和游人见面了。”
　
　　Vocabulary:
　　knack :a specific talent for something, especially one difficult to explain 
or teach （技能；诀窍）
　　without fail : 必定；无疑
　　hit the bull's eye : 命中靶心；大获成功
　　a far cry : 大不相同的东西
　　
　　