
　　“读史使人明智，读诗使人灵秀，数学使人周密，科学使人深刻，伦理学使人庄重……”英国哲学家弗朗西斯・培根对于学习的观点可谓精辟独到。学习是一门艺术，怎样才能学的精，学的好，培根的这篇《论学习》让你明白：其实懂得学习也是一门大智慧。
　　Studies serve for delight, for ornament, and for ability. Their chief use 
for delight, is in privateness and retiring; for ornament, is in discourse; and 
for ability, is in the judgment, and disposition of business. For expert men can 
execute, and perhaps judge of particulars, one by one; but the general counsels, 
and the plots and marshalling of affairs, come best, from those that are 
learned.
　　To spend too much time in studies is sloth; to use them too much for 
ornament, is affectation; to make judgment wholly by their rules, is the humor 
of a scholar. They perfect nature, and are perfected by experience: for natural 
abilities are like natural plants, that need pruning, by study; and studies 
themselves, do give forth directions too much at large, except they be bounded 
in by experience. Crafty men contemn studies, simple men admire them, and wise 
men use them; for they teach not their own use; but that is a wisdom without 
them, and above them, won by observation. Read not to contradict and confute; 
nor to believe and take for granted; nor to find talk and discourse; but to 
weigh and consider.
　　Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be 
chewed and digested; that is, some books are to be read only in parts; others to 
be read, but not curiously; and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence 
and attention. Some books also may be read by deputy, and extracts made of them 
by others; but that would be only in the less important arguments, and the 
meaner sort of books, else distilled books are like common distilled waters, 
flashy things. Reading maketh (makes) a full man; conference a ready man; and 
writing an exact man. And therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a 
great memory; if he confer little, he had need have a present wit: and if he 
read little, he had need have much cunning, to seem to know, that he doth not. 
Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtile; natural 
philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend. Abeunt studia 
in mores.
　　Nay there is no stand or impendiment in the wit, but may be 
wrought（work的过去分词）out by fit studies: like as diseases of the body may have 
appropriate exercises. Bowling is good for the stone and reins; shooting for the 
lungs and breast; gentle walking for the stomach; riding for the head; and the 
like. So if a man''s wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics; for in 
demonstrations, if his wit　be called away never so little, he must begin again. 
If his wit be not apt to distinguish or find differences, let him study the 
schoolmen; for they are cymini sectores（吹毛求疵之人）. If he be not apt to beat over 
matters, and to call up one thing to prove and illustrate another, let him study 
the lawyers' cases. So every defect of the mind may have a special receipt.
　　