
　　Matryeshka, a set of nesting dolls(套娃) with smaller dolls &gt;stacked 
within the bigger ones, are probably the best known and most popular of all 
Russian souvenirs(纪念品).
　　Designs of Matryeshka
　　The most traditional Matryeshka design is one that looks like a young 
Russian woman dressed in Russian native costume with a scarf on her head. In the 
traditional nesting doll sets all of the dolls look almost identical(同样的) to one 
another, and the number of dolls in the set ranges from 5 to 30, but some may 
contain many more. In other cases, each set may form a theme, such as the 
classic set of nesting dolls of Russian leaders, with each earlier leader nested 
inside.
　　Why it is called Matryeshka
　　In old Russian, “Matryona” or “Matriosha” was a very popular &gt;female 
name among peasants. Scholars says this name has a Latin root “mater”, which 
means “Mother”. This name was associated with the image of a mother of a large 
family who had very good health and a portly(肥胖的) figure. Later it became a 
symbolic(象征的) name and was used specially to describe brightly painted wooden 
figurines(小雕像) made in a such way that they could be taken apart to reveal 
smaller dolls fitted inside one another.
　　Even now the nesting doll is considered to be a symbol of motherhood. A 
mother doll with numerous dolls/children perfectly expresses the oldest symbol 
of human culture.
　　The very beginning
　　In 1890, the first Russian nesting doll was born in a workshop in 
&gt;Serviev Posad, a colorful, truly Russian town near Moscow. The owner of the 
workshop was Sava Mamontov, an industrialist and a patron(资助人) of the arts.
　　The end of the 19 century in Russia was a time of great economic and 
cultural development. Mamontov was one of the first who patronized(资助) artists 
who wanted to create a new Russian style. Many famous Russian artists worked 
along with folk craftsmen in Mamontov’s workshop.
　　Once at a regular Saturday meeting somebody brought a funny Japanese 
figurine of a good-natured(和善的) bald-headed old man, Fukuruma. The doll 
consisted of some other figurines nestled inside one another. It had 7 
figurines. Legend held that the first doll of such type was carved by an unknown 
Russian monk in Japan.
　　Soon the first set of Russian nesting dolls were created in Mamontov’s 
workshop . It contained 8 pieces: a girl with a black rooster was followed by a 
boy and then by a girl again and so on. All figurines were different from each 
other, the last one was a figurine of a baby wrapped in diaper.
　　A prized craft in Russia
　　In Russia, the art of nesting dolls was so prized(珍视) that the Museum Of 
Russian Matreshka was opened in Moscow in October 2001. Interestingly enough, 
the Matreshka Museum is located in the same house where the first Russian 
Matreshka doll was created.
　　