&nbsp;第一页 
　　第二节: 完形填空(共20小题;每小题1.5分,满分30分)
　　阅读下面短文,掌握其大意,然后从36-55各题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中,选出最佳选项。
　　Two friends visited the zoo together. The zoo was very large and it was 36 
to go everywhere. They had to decide where to go and which animals to visit as 
their time was 37. So both of them agreed not to 38 after choosing a 39 at every 
fork(岔路口).
　　A road sign at the first fork 40 one way to the lion area and the other to 
the tiger hill. They decided on the former after a 41 discussion because lions 
were “the king of the grassland”. The second showed a division going separately 
to the panda and peacock. They 42 panda as it was the nation’s treasure and went 
its way. 43 they made choices all along the way and each choice meant 44 what 
they couldn’t help regretting. But they had to make it, and 45 , for it 
brooked(容忍)no delay. If they hesitated(犹豫不决) they would miss 46 . Only 47 
decision could offer more chances for sightseeing and 48 possible regret.
　　Life is 49 like this- choices often occur that one has to make, for 
example, between two 50 jobs, two fascinating wooers(追求者). To get one you 51 
give up the other-you can get half of it. If you 52 weighing the pros and cons 
and calculating gains and losses, you will most likely 53 empty-handedness. 
Don’t be sad about it. 54 you have got half of the desirable things in 
life-something that is 55 to come by.
　　36.A.easy B.difficult C.impossible D.possible
　　37.A.enough B.limited C.tight D.plentiful
　　38.A.return B.continue C.go D.stop
　　39.A.sign B.branch C.crossing D.highway
　　40.A.showed B.pointed C.intended D.made
　　41.A.brief B.long C.no D.heated
　　42.A.hoped B.wanted C.favored D.got
　　43.A.Happily B.Thus C.Then D.Finally
　　44.A.winning B.taking C.picking up D.giving up
　　45.A.slowly B.immediately C.timely D.easily
　　46.A.less B.more C.most D.least
　　47.A.high B.slow C.short D.rapid
　　48.A.increase B.cause C.reduce D.raise
　　49.A.just exactly B.more or less
　　C.hardly D.most
　　50.A.unwanted B.different C.bad D.desirable
　　51.A.ought to B.may C.must D.have to
　　52.A.spend time B.kill time
　　C.have a hard time D.hope for
　　53.A.start with B.get up C.succeed in D.end up in
　　54.A.By no means B.Not in the least
　　C.At most D.At least
　　55.A.stupid B.delighted C.hard D.supported
　　第三部分:阅读理解(共20小题;每小题2分,满分40分)阅读下列短文,从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中,选出最佳选项。
　　A
　　You might not know it, but there is something wonderful at your fingertips. 
You can make people happier, healthier and more hard-working just by touching 
their arms or holding their hands.
　　Doctors say that body touch is a kind of medicine that can work wonders. 
When people are touched, the quantity of hemoglobin ? a type of matter that 
produces the red color in blood ? increases greatly. This results in more oxygen 
reaching every part of the body and the whole body benefits. In experiments, 
bottle-fed baby monkeys were separated from their mothers for the first ten days 
of life. They became sad and inactive. Studies showed the monkeys were more 
probable to become ill than other babies that were allowed to stay with their 
mothers.
　　Human babies react in much the same way. Some years ago, a scientist 
noticed that some well-fed babies in a clean nursery became weak. Yet babies in 
another nursery were growing healthily, even though they ate less well and were 
not kept as clean. The reason, he concluded, was that they often had touches 
from nurses.
　　Experiments show that most people like being touched. And nearly all 
doctors believe touch helps to reduce patients’ fear of treatment. Of course 
there is time when a touch is not welcome. But even if we don’t like being 
touched, a smile can make us feel better. Smiling increases blood flow and 
starts the production of “happy brain” chemicals.
　　So let’s have a big smile and don’t forget to keep “in touch”.
　　56. Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
　　A. Everyone knows that body contact can make people happier.
　　B. People may work harder because of body contact.
　　C. Your fingertips can do something wonderful.
　　D. People may not understand the importance of touching.
　　57. According to the passage, _____.
　　A. human brains need oxygen and blood supply now and then
　　B. touches from doctors and nurses have nothing to do with treatment
　　C. new-born baby monkeys should stay away from their mothers
　　D. not all people like being touched
　　58. The underlined word “benefits” in the second paragraph probably means “ 
_____”.
　　A. becomes useful or helpful
　　B. gets something useful or helpful
　　C. falls ill D. gets hurt
　　59. What would be the best title for the passage?
　　A. Comfortable Touch B. Smile
　　C. Wonders of Touch D. Keep in Touch
　　B
　　It is unbelievable how popular English is in Venezuela(委内瑞拉). Now we have a 
kind of language mixture between English and Spanish.
　　In the Venezuelans’ daily conversations, they often use English words with 
Spanish verb endings. For example, if they send a fax(传真), they use the word 
faxear, or if they have to click on the screen of their computer, they say 
clickear.
　　Also, they use simple English words in some Spanish sentences. You might 
hear someone say, “Voy a comprar unos jeans in el mall” which means “I’m going 
to buy some jeans in the mall,” or “Okey, vamos” which means “OK, let’s go.”
　　In addition, you see English names everywhere for restaurants ? Crystal 
Ranch, stores ? Area Company, gymnasiums ? Sport Center, Athletic Center, malls 
? The Country, and night clubs ? Studio Fifty Four. In Caracas(加拉加斯), there is a 
very fashionable neighborhood named Las Merce des, where each street has an 
American name like New York or Fifth Avenue. Therefore, when you go shopping, 
you can see signs in English in the windows of stores, such as On Sale.
　　In some Latin American countries, the increasing influence(影响) of English 
is a question often argued about. But in Venezuela, however, this is not the 
case. Venezuelans are open to receiving different cultural influences such as 
European fashion(时装) and British music. Moreover, many Venezuelans don’t know 
where the words come from?鸦 they have been using them for years as a part of 
their language.
　　60. Which language do Venezuelans usually speak, judging from the 
information given in the article?
　　A. English. B. Spanish.
　　C. Latin. D. We cannot know.
　　61. In the second paragraph the writer is trying to make the point that 
_____.
　　A. Venezuelans often use English words in a Spanish way
　　B. “fax” can be used both as a noun and a verb
　　C. “fax” and “click” are two of the English words most popularly used in 
Venezuela
　　D. “-ear” is a verb ending in Spanish
　　62. From the third paragraph we can know that _____.
　　A. Venezuelans can’t speak English well
　　B. there’re no words for “jeans” or “mall” in Spanish
　　C. Spanish sentences are often based on English
　　D. English words are often heard in Venezuelans’ speech
　　63. The last sentence of the article seems to support the point that 
_____.
　　A. Venezuelans care little about cultural influence
　　B. Venezuelans’ own language is going to die away
　　C. English words are popular in Venezuela because the users don’t know they 
are English
　　D. it’s time for Venezuelans to do something to keep their mother tongue 
alive
　第二页 
　&nbsp; C
　　Beijing plans to build huge free or low-cost parking lots beyond the Fourth 
and Fifth Ring Roads to encourage more car owners to take buses or subways to 
the downtown area.
　　The plan is just one of the many measures the city plans to take to reduce 
its traffic congestions(拥塞) as the 2008 Summer Olympic Games draw near. Low or 
no parking fees would be used as economic leverage(经济杠杆) to reduce growing 
parking demands from urban areas.
　　Car owners living in the suburbs will be encouraged to park their cars 
beyond the Fourth and Fifth Ring Roads and take buses or subways to the downtown 
area. Statistics show that nearly one quarter of the city’s traffic flow is 
concentrated in the 62-square-kilometre downtown area within the Second Ring 
Road, which makes up only 12 per cent of the city’s total area.
　　The Beijing Traffic Management Bureau, receives between 400 and 500 calls 
reporting traffic jams every day and more than 90 per cent of the roads are 
filled to capacity during rush hour every morning and evening. Part of the 
problem is the lack of easy links between bus routes, subways and cars.
　　According to the communication commission, half of the city’s 
investment(投资) in transportation will go towards public transit construction in 
the next few years, marking a jump from the current only 20 per cent. Moreover, 
Beijing plans to change its layout(布局) by building new city centres, such as at 
Yizhuang, Tongzhou, Shunyi and Changping, in a bid to reduce the traffic flow to 
the downtown.
　　The current layout of Beijing ? expanded ring roads around the same centre 
of the Forbidden City, is seen as the root cause of the endless traffic 
jams.
　　The downtown area is crowded with three business centres and one financial 
centre, as well as nearly 400 government organs and institutions.
　　Traffic experts say building more urban centres around Beijing may reduce 
the number of residents living in the suburbs and traveling long distances to 
work downtown every day, thus reducing traffic flows.
　　64. In the coming years, if a man beyond the Fourth Ring Road goes to work 
in the downtown of Beijing, he is encouraged to _____.
　　A. drive there directly B. take a taxi
　　C. take buses or subways
　　D. park his car in a place which asks for no fees
　　65. According to the passage, while more and more people drive to work in 
rush hour in Beijing, it is likely to _____.
　　A. cause traffic accidents B. cause traffic jams
　　C. save time D. reduce air pollution
　　66. The aim in building new city centers is to _____.
　　A. develop its local resources
　　B. solve the problem of more laid-off workers
　　C. reduce the traffic flow to the downtown
　　D. make it convenient for people to go shopping
　　67. The passage suggests the author _____.
　　A. is tired of driving to work
　　B. is for the plan to reduce Beijing’s traffic congestions
　　C. finds it costs less to take subways than to drive
　　D. has benefited a lot by driving to the downtown every day
　　D
　　1812 - During the War of 1812, British forces burned the new capital at 
Washington, D.C.. They also attacked Baltimore and New Orleans and captured(占领) 
Detroit, which at the time was a remote military outpost.
　　1846 - A brief invasion(入侵) by Mexican troops across the Rio Gande began 
the US-Mexican War in 1846. But the remaining action in that conflict(冲突) 
occurred in California, New Mexico in Mexico. California and New Mexico belonged 
to Mexico at the time.
　　1916- Mexican revolutionaries led by Pancho Villa attacked the town of 
Columbus, N.M., on March 9, 1916.
　　1941 - Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in Hawaii on Dec.7, 1941, killing nearly 
2,400 people and forcing America into World War Ⅱ.
　　1993 - Terrorists(恐怖主义者) blew up a truck bomb in the basement of the World 
Trade Center in February 1993, killing six people and injuring more than 
1,000.
　　2001 - Terrorists hijacked(劫持) several planes on Sept.11, 2001. Two 
ploughed into New York’s World Trade Center (WTC), toppling the two highest 
buildings in the city a third seriously damaged the Pentagon(五角大楼). The fourth 
hijacked plane crashed in Pennsylvania. Several thousand people were killed in 
the attacks.
　　68. During the September 11th terrorist attacks, _____.
　　A. terrorists hijacked three planes
　　B. a plane destroyed the Pentagon completely
　　C. terrorists killed six people and injured more than 1,000
　　D. two planes knocked into New York’s World Trade Center
　　69. Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
　　A. California and New Mexico didn’t belong to the USA in 1846.
　　B. Washington, D.C. had been the capital of the USA until 1812.
　　C. Japan’s attacking Pearl Harbor led to World War Ⅱ.
　　D. A truck bomb destroyed the World Trade Center in 1993.
　　70. The underlined word “toppling” in the last paragraph means “_____”.
　　A. reaching the highest point of B. causing to fall
　　C. knocking into D. building
　　E
　　American pilot Frank Webb first flew a glider at the age of 14, made his 
first flight alone on his 16th birthday and got his commercial pilot’s 
license(执照) on his 18th birthday.
　　After serving in the US Navy for 20 years, being a Boeing flight 
instructor, and working with Alaska Airlines for more than three years, Webb 
signed a contract with Shenzhen Airlines last May to captain domestic routes in 
China. As an experienced pilot, he still feels the same nervousness as he felt 
on his first fight.
　　Captain Webb said that the “Sept. 11” incident did not have a direct 
influence on his decision to move to China to work. “Safety is in fact tighter 
in the United States and I am not worried about a terrorist attack,” he said. 
“The main reason I came to China was that my children will have a chance to see 
the world and experience international living.”
　　Webb has not experienced any in-flight emergencies(紧急情况) during his term in 
China although he said the weather here was generally more changeable than in 
the United States. “The weather changes tend to be great from north to south. We 
may be flying in a snow storm in Harbin, and then later that same day we may be 
flying through a tropical rain shower approaching Shenzhen,” Webb said.
　　While Webb had more flexibility(灵活性) to deal with the weather in the United 
States, he said air traffic control in China was more strict and allowed fewer 
deviations(偏离).
　　Speaking of planes often being late in China, Webb said that in America, 
being late was one of the few things that would get him in trouble. “In China, 
on the other hand, it seems there are many things that can get you in trouble 
with the boss, but being late is not one of them.” Webb does everything in his 
power to keep his flights on schedule.
　　“They provide really excellent service during flights. Western flight 
attendants just serve passengers. But the Chinese attendants will also check on 
the crew to see if we need anything,” Webb said.
　　71. Webb signed a contract with Shenzhen Airlines because _____.
　　A. he was afraid of the influence of “Sept. 11”
　　B. he got a better pay there than in the US
　　C. he thought more for his children
　　D. he hoped to see the beautiful sights in China
　　72. The underlined word “glider” (in Paragraph 1) refers to“_____”.
　　A. a type of plane B. a type of car
　　C. a type of bike D. a type of motor
　　73. The changeable weather in the flight Webb met in China _____.
　　A. made him excited B. caused him frightened
　　C. affected his health D. increased his difficulty
　　74. Webb is a pilot who _____.
　　A. has been tired of planes’ being late
　　B. has never had the experience of planes’ being late
　　C. is trying his best to keep his flights on time
　　D. finds it hard to understand China’s air traffic control
　　75. Webb’s words in the last paragraph show that he _____.
　　A. is not satisfied with Western flight attendants
　　B. thinks highly of the flight attendants in China
　　C. encourages Chinese flight attendants to improve services
　　D. admires the services of Western flight attendants
　　key:
　　36-40CBABA 41-45ACBDB 46-50BDCBD 51-55DADDC
　　56-60ADBCB 61-65ADACB 66-70CBDAB 71-75CADCB
　　2&nbsp; 