
　　维克多无意中将定情戒指套在了一根枯树枝上，谁知泥土中爬出了一位身披婚纱的僵尸新娘……鬼才导演蒂姆・波顿一如既往地诡异。而《僵尸新娘》就像是一席略显病态的动画自助餐，吃与不吃都由你。　　 





　　Fun for adults and children alike, Tim Burton’s Corpse Bride is another 
welcome walk through the director’s twisted(扭曲的) mind.
　　Not a horror story
　　Tim Burton’s mind must be a very strange place. He loves to mix comedy and 
horror in the same plate. So when you hear Mr. Burton is directing a film in 
which one of the heroines(女主角) is a corpse... well, fear is not what comes to 
mind.
　　Corpse Bride is not the horror story the title suggests, but a sweet and 
lovely tale of love. Although it was inspired(激发) by a sad Russian folktale 
about how anti-Semitic gangs(反犹太组织) would often kill and bury the Jewish(犹太人的) 
bride in her wedding gown, it is indeed a tale of optimism(乐观的), romance and a 
very lively afterlife(死后生活).
　　The living vs the dead
　　While most animated movies are bright and colorful, Corpse Bride creates 
two palettes(两种色调) and not the ones we expect.
　　The world of the living is cold and joyless. The only colors here are 
grays, purples and greens. The world of the dead, on the other hand, is where 
you’d want to spent your vacation. It’s livelier, cheerier and with brighter 
colors. And what’s more, the hero Victor is greeted here by the dog he had as a 
child. The dog, of course, is all bones, but look at it this way: No more 
fleas(跳蚤)! So, which place Victor would like to stay? It’s a bit hard to guess 
his final decision...
　　A figure of sympathy
　　Let’s take a look at our title character, Emily, the Corpse Bride. She is a 
figure of sympathy(同情) rather than horror, and her tragic tale is touching. 
She’s beautiful with big eyes and full lips, and only a few places where the 
skin has rotted(腐蚀) away to reveal the bone beneath.
　　Emily lost her own chance at happiness when she was murdered on the eve of 
her wedding and now wants to be a good wife for Victor. But she later learns 
that Victor doesn’t belong to her and sets him free.
　　A painstaking process
　　Tim Burton had worked on this animation for over ten years. He used a rare 
method of stop-motion animation(模型定格拍摄方式), in which characters were made into 
puppets and posed for pictures.
　　The puppets in the movie were made from stainless steel(不锈钢) covered with 
silicone(硅脂) skin. And there were gears (机械零件) in puppies’ heads to change their 
facial expressions(面部表情).
　　The process is so painstaking that an animator even reported adjusting(调整) 
his own facial expression in his dream...
　
&nbsp;
　来源:上海学生英文报