&nbsp; 
　　用8周（40天）的时间就能记住7000个考研英语单词，你相信不？不过，当你半信半疑给我们学完句子后，或许会觉得用8周的时间记住这么多单词也不是登天的难事。下面向大家介绍一下如何利用8周的时间来学习7000考研单词？
　　组成下面这800个句子中的单词都是前辈们从考研英语大纲中挑出来的（大家记得有一颗感恩的心），并且是按照“A－Z”的顺序来排列的，同一个句子中的单词大都是“形近而意远”，这样就能很好地解决一些同学老是区分不了“splash、crash、clash、flash、wash”的烦恼！尽管他们的谴词造句和中文翻译都显得非常滑稽可笑，但是如果你们能耐心看下去还是非常有帮助的（鄙人己见）！譬如下面这两句还是很有意思的嘛：
　　The ashtray, splashed with ash, crashed with a clash in 
a flash while being washed.
　　那个溅有灰尘的烟灰盘在清洗时咣当一声一下子摔碎了。
　　We need reed needles to speed the deed 
indeed.
　　我们确实需要一些芦苇针来加快行动。
　　现在把这800个句子按照每20个句子一组分成40组，每5组用一周的时间来学习，每天完成20个句子（星期六、星期日就可以休息了，另外对上网不是很方便的网友来说可以打印出来背效果更好）的计划来学习。
　　由于现在离2007年的考研还有10个月时间，大家在这段时间里可以用2个月来专门突击一下考研英语单词和阅读能力。为此，本人特别推出“跟我学－8周40天背完7000考研单词”活动，这个活动对你们的单词和阅读能力都有帮助的，希望大家来参与。只要大家用心学习，完全可以用40天的时间拿下难背的考研英语单词了！有的网友可能觉得这样学习单词太慢了，其实就像古人所说“学习贵在坚持”，如果大家能给我一起坚持下来，肯定对提高你们的词汇量非常有帮助的！
　　第一周的第01天(记得一定要坚持下来)：
　　1. With my own ears I clearly heard the heart beat of the nuclear bomb.
　　我亲耳清楚地听到原子弹的心脏的跳动。
　　2. Next year the bearded bear will bear a dear baby in the rear.
　　明年，长胡子的熊将在后方产一头可爱的小崽。
　　3. Early I searched through the earth for earthware so as to research in 
earthquake.
　　早先我在泥土中搜寻陶器以研究地震.
　　4. I learn that learned earnest men earn much by learning.
　　我得知有学问而认真的人靠学问挣很多钱.
　　5. She swears to wear the pearls that appear to be pears.
　　她发誓要戴那些看起来像梨子的珍珠。
　　6. I nearly fear to tear the tearful girl’s test paper.
　　我几乎害怕撕那个泪流满面的女孩的试卷.
　　7. The bold folk fold up the gold and hold it in hand.
　　大胆的人们将黄金折叠起来拿在手里。
　　8. The customers are accustomed to the disgusting custom.
　　顾客们习惯了令人讨厌的风俗.
　　9. The dust in the industrial zone frustrated the industrious man.
　　工业区里的灰尘使勤勉的人灰心.
　　10. The just budget judge just justifies the adjustment of justice.
　　公正的预算法官只不过为司法调整辩护而已。
　　11. I used to abuse the unusual usage, but now I’m not used to doing 
so.
　　我过去常滥用这个不寻常的用法,但我现在不习惯这样做。
　　12. The lace placed in the palace is replaced first, and displaced 
later.
　　放在皇宫的带子先被替换，后来被转移。
　　13. I paced in the peaceful spacecraft.
　　我在宁静的宇宙飞船里踱步.
　　14. Sir, your bird stirred my girlfriend’s birthday party.
　　先生,你的鸟搅了我女友的生日聚会。
　　15. The waterproof material is suitable for the aerial used near the 
waterfall.
　　这种耐水材料适合用在瀑布附近的天线.
　　16. I hint that the faint saint painted the printer with a pint of 
paint.
　　我暗示说虚弱的圣徒用了一品脱油漆涂印刷机.
　　17. At any rate, the separation ratio is accurate.
　　无论如何,这个分离比是精确的.
　　18. The boundary around the round ground separates us from the 
surroundings.
　　围绕着圆形场地的边界将我们同四周隔开.
　　19. The blunder made the underground instrument undergo an undermining of 
the thunderbolt.
　　这个失策让地下仪器经受了一次雷电的破坏。
　　20. The tilted salt filters halt alternately for altering.
　　倾斜的盐过滤器交替地停下以便改造.
　　第一周的第02天(记得一定要坚持下来)：
　　21. The wandering band abandoned her bandaged husband on Swan Island.
　　流浪的乐队把她那位打着绷带的丈夫遗弃在天鹅岛上.
　　22. The manly Roman woman manager by the banner had man’s manner.
　　军旗旁那位有男子气概的古罗马女经理具有男子风度.
　　23. In the lane the planer saw a planet airplane under the crane.
　　在巷道里,刨工看见了起重机下的行星飞机.
　　24. The wet pet in the net hasn’t got on the jet plane yet.
　　网中的湿宠物还没有登上喷气飞机.
　　25. After maintenance the main remains and remainders are left on the 
domain.
　　维修之后,主要遗骸和剩余物留在了领地上.
　　26. The grandson branded the brandy randomly.
　　孙子给白兰地随机地打上烙印。
　　27. The landlord’s land on the hightland of the mainland expanded a 
lot.
　　地主在大陆高原上的土地扩张了很多.
　　28. Utilize the fertilizer to keep the land fertile.
　　利用化肥保持土地肥沃.
　　29. The grand commander demands thousands of sandy sandwiches.
　　大司令官要成千个沙色三明治。
　　30. I infer that he is indifferent to differentiating the offers in 
different conferences.
　　我推断他对区分不同会谈中的报价漠不关心.
　　31. The maximum plus or minus the minimum makes minute difference.
　　最大值加上或者减去最小值只产生极小的差异.
　　32. The witty witness withdraws his words within minutes without any 
reason.
　　诙谐的证人在几分钟之内无故地收回了他说的话.
　　33. The cake maker shakes a naked snake with the quaking rake without 
sake.
　　蛋糕制造者无缘无故地用抖动的耙子摇一条赤裸的蛇.
　　34. By the crook, the cook looked through a cookbook before making hooked 
cookies.
　　在溪边，厨子在做钩形饼干之前查阅了一本食谱。
　　35. The writer writes the white book quite quietly in quilt.
　　作家在被子里十分平静地写白皮书。
　　36. On the chilly hillside, he is unwilling to write his will on the 
ten-shilling bill.
　　在寒冷的山坡上,他不愿意将遗嘱写在十先令的账单上.
　　37. The weaver will leave for the heavy heaven.
　　那位纺织工将要到阴沉的天国里去.
　　38. The handy left-hander left a handsome handkerchief on the handle of the 
handbag. 手巧的左撇子把一方漂亮手帕留在手提包的提手上。
　　39. The thief chief achieved the theft of a handkerchief for mischief.
　　贼首领完成了偷手帕的恶作剧.
　　40. I believe my brief words will relieve her grief.
　　我相信我简短的话会减轻她的悲痛. 
　　第一周的第3天(记得千万别放弃)：
　　41. At the dock I’m shocked to see the pocket rocket made of a block of 
rock.
　　在码头看到一块岩石做的小巧火箭,我感到震惊.
　　42. Standing under the outstanding rock I misunderstood his standard 
standpoint.
　　站在突出的岩石下,我误解了他的标准立场。
　　43. The substantial part of the constitution about the institution of 
institutes is substituted. 宪法中有关设立协会的实质性部分被替换.
　　44. Spell smell! Very well, the well-being for human being will swell.
　　拼写气味(一词)!很好,人类的福利将会膨胀.
　　45. Once none of you is here, the man in throne will live alone in the 
lonely zone.
　　一旦你们没有人在此,王位上的人就要孤独地生活在这个孤寂的地带.
　　46. Nowadays the once unknown snowy hill is well-known for snowstorm.
　　如今那座曾经不出名的多雪小山因暴风雪而出名.
　　47. For instance, I can instantly know the constant distance.
　　例如,我可以即刻知道该恒定距离。
　　48. The man beyond the bond is fond of the second wonderful diamond.
　　那位不受约束的人喜欢第二颗奇异的钻石。
　　49. While sinking into thinking, the shrinking linkman drank the pink ink 
sprinkled on the wrinkly paper.
　　陷入沉思时,退缩的联络员喝掉了洒在皱纹纸上的粉红色墨水。
　　50. The contribution distributor thinks the microcomputer pollution is 
absolutely beyond dispute.
　　捐款分配者认为微机污染是绝对不容置疑的.
　　51. He repeatedly repeats, "Eat meat."
　　他再三重复说:"吃肉."
　　52. Having canceled X-ray scan, the cancerous candidate on the canvas ate 
the idle candles in the candy can.
　　取消X线扫描后，帆布上的癌症候选人吃了糖果罐里的闲置蜡烛。
　　53. The dominant candidate is nominally nominated for president.
　　占优势的候选人名义上被任命为总统.
　　54. The extravagant savage made the interior and exterior criteria of 
deterioration.
　　奢侈的野蛮人制定了腐败的内外标准.
　　55. No, nobody’s body is noble, nor is his.
　　不,没有任何人的躯体是高贵的,他的也不是.
　　56. Axe the tax on taxis. Wax may relax the body.
　　削减出租车的税费。蜂蜡可以使身体放松.
　　57. The man in mask asked me for a task; I let him put the basket on the 
desk in the dusk.
　　戴面具的人向我要任务,我让他在黄昏时把篮子放到桌子上.
　　58. The lump jumped off the pump and bumped on the trumpet in the dump.
　　傻大个跳下水泵撞到垃圾堆里的喇叭上。
　　59. On my request the conqueror questioned the man who jumped the 
queue.
　　根据我的请求,征服者质问了插队者.
　　60. They are arguing about the document of the monumental instrument.
　　他们在辩论关于那件不朽乐器的文献. 
　　第一周的第4天(记得千万别放弃)：
　　61. However, Lever never fevers; nevertheless, he is clever forever.
　　无论如何,杠杆从未发烧;尽管如此,他始终机灵。
　　62. I never mind your unkind reminding that my grindstone hinders your 
cylinder.
　　我决不介意你不友善的提醒说我的磨刀石妨碍了你的汽缸。
　　63. I feed the food to the bleeding man in the flood.
　　我把食品喂给洪水中的那个流血的人.
　　64. It’s a treason terror of the seasonal oversea seafood is 
reasonable.
　　认为季节性的海外海鲜的价格是合理的就是背叛。
　　65. The veteran in velvet found that the diameter of the thermometer was 
one metre.
　　穿天鹅绒的老兵发现温度计的直径为一米.
　　66. The cube in the tubular cup occupies one cubic meter.
　　67. Put the spotless potatoes, tomatoes and tobacco atoms into the hot 
pot.
　　68. The preacher preached to the teacher’s teacup.
　　69. "My behavior is on behalf of half zebras," the algebra teacher 
said.
　　70. Unlike my uncle, I likely like that bike (bicycle).
　　71. She likes nothing but things of clothing and cloth.
　　72. The doctor’s doctrine undid one dollar and a dozen of collars.
　　73. On the bus the busy businessman did a business with the buyer.
　　74. Vegetables and tablets on the stably established table show no 
instability.
　　75. Primarily, the prime criminal’s crime has nothing to do with lime and 
overtime.
　　76. The ring on the spring string rings during springtime.
　　77. Shut in the hut, I’m puzzled how to cut down the output of nuts.
　　78. It’s better to put letters at the inlet and outlet.
　　79. During this serious period, the superierrorries of questions about the 
supermarket.
　　80. I tuned the tone of the stone phone with a 
bone.
　　第一周第5天：今天这周最后一天，大家在周六、周日好好总结一下，看看自己学习怎样，感谢大家这周能坚持下来)
　　81. On Revenue avenue, the grave traveler jumped the gravestone 
bravely.
　　在税收大道上,严肃的旅行者勇敢地跳过墓碑.
　　82. The slave safely saved the sharp shavers in a cave nearby the 
cafeteria.
　　奴隶将锋利的剃刀安全地保存在自助餐厅附近的洞穴里.
　　83. Most hosts are hostile to the foremost ghost hostage almost to the 
utmost.
　　大多数主人对最前面的幽灵人质的敌对态度几乎到了极顶.
　　84. The mapper trapped in the gap tapped the tap wrapper with strap.
　　陷在缝中的制图者用皮带轻击塞子套.
　　85. The scout with shoulder-straps shouted on the outermost route as a 
routine.
　　戴肩章的侦察员照例在最外围的路线上叫喊.
　　86. The reproached coach unloaded the loaves to the approachable 
roadside.
　　遭到责备的教练把面包卸到可接近的路旁.
　　87. The news about the broadened breadth is broadcast abroad.
　　宽度加宽的消息被广播到国外.
　　88. The motive of the emotional movie is to move the removed men.
　　那部情感电影的动机在于感动被开除的人。
　　89. Otherwise, mother will go to another movie together with brother.
　　不然,妈妈就和弟弟一起去看另一场电影。
　　90. Furthermore, we gathered leather and feather for the future colder 
weather.
　　而且,我们收集了皮革和羽毛以应付将来更冷的天气。
　　91. Before the premier, the old soldier scolds the cold weather.
　　92. Whether the weather is good or bad, neither father nor I am going to 
the gathering.
　　93. The Particle party’s partner participated in the particular 
Parliament.
　　94. For convenience of intensive study, he has an intense intention of 
making friend with me.
　　95. The virtueless girl’s duty is to wash the dirty shirts and skirts in 
the outskirts.
　　96. I glimpsed the dancer balancing herself on the ambulance by chance.
　　97. Balloon, baseball, basketball, football and volleyball all dance ballet 
on the volcano.
　　98. A gallon of gasoline and the nylon overalls fall into the valley.
　　99. Palm calmly recalled the so-called caller.
　　100. In the hall, the shallow challenger shall be allowed to swallow the 
swallows. 
　　来源：竞学学习2&nbsp; 