&nbsp;第一页 
　　作为世界第一运动，足球令无数人神魂颠倒。它的魅力不仅源于球员们在球场上的杰出表演，无孔不入的传媒对圈内人士场外言行不遗余力的报道也给人们带来了更多乐趣。以下是过去一年中足球名人们的一些精彩言论：
　　Everyone thinks they have the prettiest wife ? Ars?ne Wenger, coach of 
English champions Arsenal FC, dismisses Sir Alex Ferguson's suggestion that 
Manchester United FC remain the country's top team.
　　每个人都觉得自己的老婆最漂亮--英格兰联赛冠军阿森纳队教练阿森-温格不同意亚历克斯-弗格森爵士关于曼联仍是英国最佳球队的说法。
　　The thing is, at least I can't get another injury now ? David Beckham looks 
on the bright side after a broken metatarsal bone leaves him fighting to be fit 
for the FIFA World Cup.
　　事情是这样：至少我现在不会再受伤了--因跖骨折断而不得不努力恢复以赶上世界杯的大卫-贝克汉姆如此看待伤病的光明一面。
　　The whole defence made mistakes today, not just Kalac. Just because he is 
from Australia, it doesn't mean that he can jump over the bar like a kangaroo ? 
AC Perugia coach Serse Cosmi defends goalkeeper Zeljko Kalac from the critics 
after one heavy defeat.
　　不光是卡拉克，今天整条后防线都在犯错。他来自澳大利亚，但这并不意味着他能像袋鼠那样跳得比横梁还要高--佩鲁贾队教练瑟斯-科斯米在惨败后为备受指责的守门员泽尔科-卡拉克辩护。
　　If you listen to Lothar, you will get the impression he had never lost one 
single match in his career. He wants a position on our club's board of 
management. But I promise, as long as Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and I have some 
responsibility at Bayern, Lothar will not even become the groundsman ? FC Bayern 
M?nchen general manager Uli Hoeness responds to criticism from the club's former 
captain Lothar Matthus.
　　要是听洛塔尔的，你会以为他在自己的职业生涯中一场比赛都没输过。他想进入我们俱乐部的管理层。但是我保证，只要卡尔-海因茨-鲁梅尼格和我还在拜仁管事，洛塔尔连球场管理员都当不上--拜仁慕尼黑队经理乌利-赫内斯如是回应前队长洛塔尔-马特乌斯的批评。
　　If you put all the players in a sack and punched it, whoever you hit would 
deserve it ? Franz Beckenbauer is perhaps a bit premature in his judgement of 
Germany's World Cup prospects.
　　如果把所有队员装进一个大袋子里来打，无论谁挨了打他都是活该--弗兰茨-贝肯鲍尔对德国队世界杯前景的结论可能下得有些早了。
　　I think we got what we deserved ? Patrick Vieira on France's early exit 
from the World Cup.
　　我认为我们罪有应得--帕特里克-维埃拉这样看待法国在世界杯中的过早出局。
　　I refuse to pay a salary to a player who has ruined Italian football ? AC 
Perugia president Luciano Gaucci after his club's Korean Republic striker Ahn 
Jung-Hwan knocked Italy out of the World Cup.
　　我拒绝给一个断送了意大利足球的球员发工资--佩鲁贾队主席卢西亚诺-高奇在他旗下的韩国前锋安贞焕把意大利队赶出世界杯之后如是说。
　　I thought the referee would be fairer in a quarter-final match like this ? 
Two disallowed goals in the World Cup defeat by Korean Republic leave Spain 
coach Jos? Antonio Camacho feeling sore.
　　我本来以为在这样(重要)的一场1/4决赛中裁判会更公平一点--世界杯上败给韩国的比赛中两个被吹掉的进球使西班牙队教练何塞-安东尼奥-卡马乔心中酸楚。
　　We have achieved our goal of reaching the ?lite and the players have 
enjoyed every minute. We were the only team to give Brazil problems in two 
matches ? A proud Senol G?nes discusses semi-finalists Turkey's World Cup 
achievements.
　　我们已经实现了进入一流强队行列的目标，队员们享受了比赛的每一分钟。我们是惟一一支两次给巴西队制造了麻烦的队伍--塞诺-居内什骄傲地谈起了四强之一的土耳其队在世界杯上的成就。
　　I fought for two-and-a-half years to overcome my injury without knowing 
there'd be a day like this at the end of it ? Ronaldo reflects on winning the 
World Cup final for Brazil.
　　我花了两年半时间来克服伤病，从未想到最终会有这样的一天--罗纳尔多在为巴西赢得世界杯后回忆道。
　　第二页 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was not born in 1979 but in 1975 instead. I could not 
stand any longer to pretend to be another person. My real name is Luciano and I 
have been playing under an assumed identity ? AC Chievo Verona's Brazilian 
winger Eriberto spills the beans.
　　我出生在1975年，不是1979年。我再也不能忍受假扮成另一个人的生活。我真正的名字是卢西亚诺，我一直在用假身份踢球--切沃队的巴西边锋埃里贝托说了实话。
　　Well, I wanted to get the jersey with the number six. But somebody else had 
got it already. So I thought, I would take the number 33, because three times 
three is also six ? VfL Wolfsburg's young defender Maik Franz plays the numbers 
game.
　　你知道，我想要6号球衣。可是这个号已经被别人拿去了，所以我想我应该选33号，因为3乘3的结果也是6--沃尔夫斯堡队的年轻后卫梅克-弗兰茨玩起了数字游戏。
　　If they want to sack me, they should do it but please stop brutalising me. 
I'm just Giovanni, not Giovanna d'Arco (Joan of Arc) ? Italy coach Giovanni 
Trapattoni takes flak after the UEFA EURO 2004 defeat by Wales.
　　如果他们想炒我鱿鱼，那就这么干好了，但是请别再对我这么残忍。我只是特拉帕托尼，不是圣女贞德--意大利队在2004年欧洲杯(预选赛)中输给了威尔士队，意大利队主教练乔瓦尼-特拉帕托尼因此遭到猛烈批评。
　　I'm too good a coach for this team ? Coach Jupp Heynckes fails to endear 
himself to the Athletic Club Bilbao fans.
　　这支球队配不上我这样的好教练--无法赢得球迷喜爱的毕尔巴鄂竞技队教练贾普-亨克斯如是说。
　　I prefer to fight things out in public. It's better to box the ears than to 
talk behind someone's back. That spoils the atmosphere ? FC Bayern M?nchen 
defender Bixente Lizarazu after he hit teammate Niko Kovac in the face during 
training.
　　我喜欢通过公开斗争来解决问题。打在脸上的拳头总比背后的风言风语强，后者会破坏队内气氛--拜仁慕尼黑队后卫比克森特-利扎拉祖这样解释他在训练时动手打在队友尼科-科瓦克脸上的行为。
　　If you see Wayne Rooney out on the streets make sure you send him straight 
home ? Everton FC coach David Moyes asks the club's fans to help keep wonder boy 
Wayne Rooney out of trouble.
　　如果你在街上看到韦恩-鲁尼，请务必送他直接回家--埃弗顿队教练大卫-莫耶斯呼吁埃弗顿球迷帮助天才少年韦恩-鲁尼远离麻烦。
　　Maybe we as a team should simply go out and booze the whole night long. And 
then, we should just give each other a real good thrashing ? Former German 
international Mario Basler offer an unlikely solution to the crisis at FC 
Kaiserslautern.
　　也许全队应该集体出去痛痛快快地喝他一整夜，然后，我们再彼此饱以一顿酣畅老拳--前德国国家队员马里奥-巴斯勒为危机中的凯泽斯劳滕队提供了一个不大可行的解决方案。
　　I was the last \into\ the dressing room, so I missed all the celebrations. 
But what I saw was an amazing scene ? (Nigerian international) James Obiorah and 
(Ghana forward) Baba Adamu crying their eyes out1 in a corner. I was absolutely 
shocked. I asked Obiorah what happened and he could only answer, 'We are the 
champions.' I didn't know foreign players could be so sentimental ? Dmitri 
Loskov, FC Lokomotiv Moskva captain, after they won their first Russian 
Premier-Liga title.
　　我最后一个走进更衣室，因此错过了所有庆祝活动。但是我看到了一个匪夷所思的场面--(尼日利亚国家队员)詹姆斯-奥比奥拉和(加纳前锋)巴巴-阿达姆在角落里痛哭。我完全被惊呆了。我问奥比奥拉出了什么事，他只是说："我们是冠军。"我没想到，外国球员会这么感情丰富--莫斯科火车头队队长在他的球队获得第一个俄罗斯甲级联赛冠军后说。
　　I think I've deserved it and I hope not to wait another five years before 
winning it again ? Ronaldo on winning the Ballon D'Or2.
　　我认为这是我应得的荣誉，我希望不会要等上又一个5年才能再次赢得它--罗纳尔多获得2002年欧洲足球先生称号时的得奖感言。
　　1.cry one's eyes out：痛哭。
　　2.Ballon D'Or：[法语]，字面意义为"金球"，是颁给年度最佳足球运动员的奖项。
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
　　来源:中基网2&nbsp; 