
　　一、避免使用语意弱的“be”动词。
　　1、把句中的表语转换为不同的修饰语。例如：
　　Weak: The trees are bare. The grass is brown. The landscape seems drab. 
Revision:The brown grass and bare trees form a drab landscape. (转换为前置定语)
　　Or: The landscape, bare and brown, begged for spring green. 
(转换为并列结构作后置定语)
　　2、将作表语用的形容词或名词变为行为动词。例如：
　　1) Weak: The team members are good players.
　　Revision: The team members play well.
　　2) Weak: One worker's plan is the elimination of tardiness.
　　Revision: One worker's plan eliminates tardiness.
　　3、在以“here”或“there”开头的句子中，把“be”动词后的名词代词变成改写句的主语。例如：
　　1) Weak: There is no opportunity for promotion.
　　Revision: No opportunity for promotion exists.
　　2) Weak: Here are the books you ordered.
　　Revision: The books you ordered have arrived.
　　二、多用语意具体的动词，保持句意简洁明了。例如：
　　1、Poor: My supervisor went past my desk.
　　Better: My supervisor sauntered (=walked slowly) past my desk.
　　2、Poor: She is a careful shopper.
　　Better: She compares prices and quality.
　　三、尽量运用主动语态。例如：
　　1、Weak: The organization has been supported by charity.
　　Better: Charity has supported the organization.
　　2、Weak: The biscuits were stacked on a plate.
　　Better: Mother stacked the biscuits on a plate.
　　四、防止使用语意冗长累赘的词语。例如：
　　1、Wordy: My little sister has a preference for chocolate milk.
　　Improved: My little sister prefers chocolate milk.
　　2、Wordy: We are in receipt of your letter and intend to follow your 
recommendations.
　　Improved: We have received your letter and intended to follow your 
recommendation.
　　3、Redundant: We had a serious crisis at school yesterday when our chemistry 
laboratory caught fire.
　　Improved: We had a crisis at school yesterday when our chemistry laboratory 
caught fire.
　　4、Redundant: My sister and I bought the same, identical dress in different 
stores.
　　Improved: My sister and I bought the same dress in different stores.
　　五、杜绝滥用陈旧词语或难懂的专业术语。例如：
　　1、Weak: They will not agree to his proposals in any shape or form.
　　Improved: They will not agree to any of his proposals.
　　2、Weak: I need her financial input before I can guesstimate our 
expenditures next fall.
　　Improved: I need her financial figures before I can estimate our 
expenditures next fall.
　　来源：中国英语网