










Director Paul Haggis, right, and Bobby Moresco pose with the 
Oscars they won for their work on 'Crash' at the 78th Academy Awards Sunday, 
March 5, 2006, in Los Angeles. Haggis won for best motion picture, Moresco won 
for best original screenplay. 

The previous 77 Academy Awards ceremonies have had their share of unexpected 
twists, though the best-picture win by underdog "Crash" over "Brokeback Mountain" ranks 
as one of the biggest in Oscar history. 
Some other instances where underdogs have triumphed: 
・For best picture of 1948, the poignant drama "Johnny Belinda," a homegrown 
Hollywood production, seemed to have the edge, only to lose to a British 
upstart, Laurence Olivier's "Hamlet." 
・Three years later, the song-and-dance romance "An American in Paris" pulled 
off a best-picture stunner over dramatic heavyweights "A Place in the Sun" and 
"A Streetcar Named Desire." 
・The next year, Gary Cooper's Western "High Noon" looked as though it would 
ride into the winner's circle, but the splashy circus tale "The Greatest Show on 
Earth" came out on top. 
・The 1968 best-picture award went the musical route again as "Oliver!" became 
an upset winner over the more 
popular musical "Funny Girl" and the palace-intrigue saga "The Lion in Winter." 
・One of Oscar's biggest underdogs, the Olympics tale "Chariots of Fire," ran 
off with best picture for 1981 over the historical drama "Reds" and the family 
story "On Golden Pond." 
・For the 1998 Oscars, "Saving Private Ryan" had been viewed as a best-picture 
shoo-in until "Shakespeare in Love" 
showed up at the last minute in December, the latter film ultimately winning the 
showdown. 
(Agencies)

尽管在本年度奥斯卡最佳影片评选中，事先不被看好的《撞车》击败《断背山》成为奥斯卡历史上的最大冷门之一，然而纵观前77届奥斯卡颁奖典礼，这种意外并不罕见。 
现举出一些例子，看看都有哪些黑马大爆冷门。 
拿1948年奥斯卡最佳影片来说，辛辣剧情片《心声泪影》是一部纯正的好莱坞制作，看来很有优势获奖，最后却败北于横空出世的英国影片--劳伦斯・奥立弗主演的《哈姆雷特》。 

三年后，歌舞爱情剧《一个美国人在巴黎》意外击败两部重量级剧情影片--《郎心如铁》和《欲望号街车》，获最佳影片奖。 
次年，加利・谷巴主演的西部影片《龙城歼霸战》看来是要拿定小金人了，最后却让华丽的马戏故事《戏王之王》占了先。 
1968年，《雾教孤儿》因获最佳影片和最佳原创音乐奖而大爆冷门，而更受青睐的音乐剧《妙女郎》以及反映宫廷政治阴谋的传奇《冬狮》则败阵而归。 
奥斯卡历史上的另一大冷门是1981年的奥林匹克故事片《火战车》，它一举击败历史片《烽火赤焰万里情》和家庭故事片《金色池塘》，获得该年度最佳影片奖。 
1998年，大家认为《拯救大兵瑞恩》能够稳拿最佳影片奖，但到12月末，《莎翁情史》意外杀进奥斯卡，最终成为大赢家。 



