
　　When I first conceived of Earth Day, a global holiday to celebrate the 
wonder of life on our planet, I thought long and hard about the day on which it 
should fall. It must be meaningful. One that might be accepted universally for 
all of humankind.
　　When the Vernal Equinox dawned on me, I immediately knew it was right. The 
Earth tremor that shook our California dwelling at that moment seemed an omen of 
confirmation. What could be more appropriate than the first moment of Spring, 
when day and night are equal around the world and hearts and minds can join 
together with thoughts of harmony and Earth's rejuvenation. Just as a single 
prayer can be siginificant, how much more so when hundreds, thousands, millions 
of people throughout the world join in peaceful thoughts and prayers to nurture 
neighbor and nature.
　　And so it came to pass we initiated the celebration of Earth Day on March 
21, 1970. The first Proclamation of Earth Day was by San Francisco, the City of 
Saint Francis, patron saint of ecology. Designating the First Day of Spring, 
March 21, 1970 to be Earth Day, this day of nature's equipoise was later 
sanctioned in a Proclamation signed by Secretary General U Thant at the United 
Nations where it is observed each year. Earth Day was firmly established for all 
time on a sound basis as an annual event to deepen reverence and care for life 
on our planet.
　　While other dates have been called Earth Day it is obvious that a singular 
Earth Day is needed and that the original choice of nature's day is best. More 
attention for this fact will increase the influence of Earth Day and its 
benefits.
　　Every effort to encourage Earth care is to be commended. But just as more 
than one birthday each year for an individual would diminish the real birthday, 
calling other dates Earth Day detracts from the authentic day -- which can 
provide a more meaningful focus and obtain more unity in our diversity. The 
nature of the March equinox provides a reason for an event at the same time all 
over the world.
　　Other events leading up to or following could be called Earth Festivals, or 
given other names. Then events can complement each other and increase awareness 
and care for our planet and its people. In the midst of this will be Earth Day, 
where the United Nations Peace Bell rings at the moment Spring begins and hearts 
and minds join all over the world.
　
&nbsp;
　来源:搜狐教育社区