
　　Most British people would accept new taxes on goods and services that 
damage the environment, according to a Guardian/ICM poll which reveals a 
widespread willingness to make personal sacrifices to tackle the threat of 
climate change. Some 63% said they approved of a green tax to discourage 
behaviour that harms the environment, while 34% said they would not accept such 
price rises.
　　The poll comes as ministers face increasing pressure from environmental 
campaigners to combat global warming by increasing taxes on polluting flights, 
homes that waste energy and cars with poor fuel efficiency. This month Tony 
Blair ruled out a green tax on air passengers and said he preferred to wait for 
new technology to reduce aircraft emissions.
　　About a third of the UK's greenhouse gas pollution comes from domestic 
heating, and the poll reveals that people would be willing to spend an average 
of ?331 to make their homes more environmentally friendly, even if the move 
brought them no direct cost saving. Only 16% said they would not pay anything, 
with 32% willing to invest over ?100 and 8% more than ?1,000.
　　More than half (51%) said they or their family had boycotted a company 
because its products damage the environment.
　　The poll suggest that voters do not share the prime minister's assertion 
that policies to drive the economy forward should take precedent over those to 
address climate change. Asked which two areas should be priorities for the 
government, 28% highlighted action to tackle climate change and 16% wanted the 
economy to grow faster. The signal from those aged 18-24 was clearer: 35% picked 
climate change and 9% the economy.
　　At a conference of environment ministers in London last year, Mr Blair 
said: "The blunt truth about the politics of climate change is that no country 
will want to sacrifice its economy in order to meet this challenge."
　　Overall, improvements to the the health service (71%) and education (50%) 
scored highest on the list of priorities, with 28% choosing the fight against 
terrorism. The poll revealed that voters judged Conservative leader David 
Cameron as more likely than Mr Blair or Gordon Brown to protect the environment. 
A third thought Mr Cameron, who has used green issues to highlight the Tories' 
determination to change, as the most likely green leader, with 24% favouring Mr 
Blair and 19% favouring Mr Brown.
　　The poll also suggests that the message that small changes in people's 
domestic lives can make a difference appears to be hitting home: 83% said they 
or their family had turned the television off instead of leaving it on standby 
to protect the environment. Some 82% of households said they had turned the 
central heating down, 75% had installed low energy lightbulbs, 25% had cycled at 
least one journey instead of using the car and 24% said they had decided against 
a holiday that involved flying.
　　Ninety-two per cent said they recycled as much rubbish as possible, while 
38% said they were likely to install solar panels, and 28% a wind turbine. 
Almost three-quarters (73%) said they would upgrade their home insulation.
　　The poll found 80% support for a plan by the Office of the Deputy Prime 
Minister for builders to include a mandatory ?600 worth of measures to reduce 
the environmental impact of new homes, with the cost passed on to the house 
buyer.
　　ICM interviewed a random sample of 1,002 adults aged 18-plus by telephone 
between February 17 and 19.
　　英国《卫报》和ICM市场调查机构最近联合进行的一项民意调查显示，63％的英国百姓愿意在购买有害环境的产品和接受有害环境的服务时交纳额外的环境税，只有34％的人表示不会为此埋单。
　　据《卫报》网站2月22日报道，这项调查还显示，除了愿意在买东西时交纳所谓“绿色税”外，英国百姓还舍得在改造节能房屋上下本钱。绝大多数受访者愿意平均花费331英镑将自家改造得更加节能和环保，只有16％的人对此“一毛不拔”；83％的受访者会直接关掉电视机电源而不是将其置于待机； 
75％的家庭安装了节能灯泡；24％的人甚至因为必须要搭乘飞机而最终放弃度假计划。
　　英国的环保主义者一直要求政府对那些污染空气的航班、不够节能的房屋和燃油效率低下的车辆加征绿色税收。英国政府面临的这一舆论压力越来越大。本月，英国首相布莱尔刚刚否定了一项对航班加收污染税的计划。他表示，应该等待可减少航班废气排放量的新技术的研发。
　　报道说，去年在伦敦举行的一次有关环境问题的各国部长会议上，布莱尔说，没有任何国家会为应对环境挑战而牺牲经济发展。此次的调查显示，英国选民看来并不赞同他的观点。有28％的受访者认为政府应该优先考虑环保，仅有16％的人支持政府应优先推动经济发展。而在18岁到24岁的年轻受访者中，选择环保优先的人占35％，选择发展优先的人仅占9％。
　　《卫报》和ICM民意调查机构是在电话访问了英国1002名18岁以上成年人后，写出这份调查报告的。
　　