
　　Chewing gum after intestinal surgery can help reactivate paralyzed bowels 
and get patients out of the hospital sooner, a study said on Monday.
　　Patients who have abdominal surgery often suffer a slowdown or shutdown of 
the bowels called ileus that causes pain, vomiting and abdominal swelling, and 
they may not be able to tolerate food or even water, the report published in the 
Archives of Surgery said.
　　Study participants had no problem chewing sugarless gum three times a day. 
Chewing stimulates nerves that promote the release of hormones responsible for 
activating the gastrointestinal system, wrote study author Rob Schuster of Santa 
Barbara Cottage Hospital in California.
　　Seventeen of 34 patients who chewed gum beginning a few hours after surgery 
passed gas several hours sooner than the half who did not chew, and they had 
their first bowel movements an average of 63 hours after surgery compared with 
89 hours for non-chewers.
　　The gum chewers got out of the hospital an average of 4.3 days after 
surgery versus 6.8 days for non-chewers, reducing costs and lowering the risk of 
complications.
　　All had had a section of their lower intestines removed because of cancer 
or chronic infection.
　　"We conclude that gum chewing early in the postoperative period following 
(surgery) hastens time to bowel motility and ability to tolerate feedings," the 
report said. "This inexpensive and well-tolerated treatment resulted in earlier 
hospital discharge."
　　2月20日，美国科学家公布的一项最新研究报告显示，患者在接受了肠道手术之后，嚼口香糖有助于他们被麻痹的肠道恢复运动，这对患者早日出院非常有利。
　　据路透社2月20日报道，接受腹腔手术的患者常常会出现肠道运动缓慢或是肠道运动停止的情况，这被称为肠梗阻。肠梗阻可引发腹痛、呕吐以及腹胀等不良反应。患者在出现肠梗阻后，可能会无法进食，甚至无法饮水。
　　美国加州圣芭芭拉医疗站的罗布・舒斯特是此项研究的负责人。他在研究报告中写道，此项研究的参与者每天3次嚼无糖口香糖。咀嚼口香糖能刺激释放某些激素的神经。而这些激素则对增加肠胃系统的活性起着非常重要的作用。
　　在参与研究的34名患者中，17人在手术之后的几小时就开始咀嚼口香糖，另外17人则不咀嚼口香糖。研究发现，咀嚼口香糖的人比另外17人早数小时出现了肠道排气反应（放屁），他们平均在手术之后的63个小时里就出现了首次肠道运动，而没有咀嚼口香糖的人则平均在术后的89个小时才出现了首次肠道运动。
　　研究还显示，那些每天咀嚼口香糖的患者术后平均4.3天就出院了，而另外那些患者平均6.8天才出院。咀嚼口香糖不仅为患者减少了医疗开销，同时还降低了发生并发症的危险。
　　报道说，这一研究成果发表在美国《外科文献》杂志上。
　　