
　　A love story: salty coffee 
握秤絞並栽摸郷Х
　　He met her on a party. She was so outstanding, many guys chasing after her, 
while he was so normal, nobody paid attention to him.
　　At the end of the party, he invited her to have coffee with him, she was 
surprised, but due to being polite, she promised.
　　They sat in a nice coffee shop, he was too nervous to say anything, she 
felt uncomfortable, she thought, please, let me go home...
　　suddenly he asked the waiter: "would you please give me some salt? I'd like 
to put it in my coffee."
　　Everybody stared at him, so strange! His face turned red, but, still, he 
put the salt in his coffee and drank it.
　　She asked him curiously: why you have this hobby?
　　He replied: "when I was a little boy, I was living near the sea, I liked 
playing in the sea, I could feel the taste of the sea , just like the taste of 
the salty coffee. Now every time I have the salty coffee, always think of my 
childhood, think of my hometown, I miss my hometown so much, I miss my parents 
who are still living there".
　　While saying that tears filled his eyes. She was deeply touched. That's his 
true feeling, from the bottom of his heart. A man who can tell out his 
homesickness, he must be a man who loves home, cares about home, has 
responsibility of home..
　　Then she also started to speak, spoke about her faraway hometown, her 
childhood, her family. That was a really nice talk, also a beautiful beginning 
of their story.
　　They continued to date. She found that actually he was a man who meets all 
her demands; he had tolerance, was kind hearted, warm, careful. He was such a 
good person but she almost missed him!
　　Thanks to his salty coffee! Then the story was just like every beautiful 
love story, the princess married to the prince, then they were living the happy 
life...And, every time she made coffee for him, she put some salt in the coffee, 
as she knew that's the way he liked it.
　　After 40 years, he passed away, left her a letter which said: "My dearest, 
please forgive me, forgive my whole life lie. This was the only lie I said to 
you---the salty coffee.
　　Remember the first time we dated? I was so nervous at that time, actually I 
wanted some sugar, but I said salt It was hard for me to change so I just went 
ahead. I never thought that could be the start of our communication!
　　I tried to tell you the truth many times in my life, but I was too afraid 
to do that, as I have promised not to lie to you for anything..
　　Now I'm dying, I'm afraid of nothing so I tell you the truth: I don't like 
the salty coffee, what a strange bad taste.. But I have had the salty coffee for 
my whole life!
　　Since I knew you, I never feel sorry for anything I do for you. Having you 
with me is my biggest happiness for my whole life. If I can live for the second 
time, still want to know you and have you for my whole life, even though I have 
to drink the salty coffee again".
　　Her tears made the letter totally wet.
　　Someday, someone asked her: what's the taste of salty coffee? It's sweet. 
She replied.
　　