
　　Nine people, some of them U.S. Marines, have been arrested for stealing 
bulletproof vests intended for American troops in Iraq and trying to sell them 
to international arms merchants, Homeland Security officials said on 
Wednesday.
　　Authorities said they had busted a group that stole ballistic vests, 
helmets and protective plates from the Camp Pendleton Marine base in San Diego, 
California, and sold them on the Internet. Several additional suspects are 
believed to be serving with the U.S. military in Iraq.
　　"At a time when our troops in Iraq need all the body armor they can get, it 
is extremely troubling to see bulletproof vests destined for those troops being 
stolen from our military bases at home for resale to the public," said Julie 
Myers, assistant secretary for U.S.
　　Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) with the Department of Homeland 
Security.
　　"It is even more troubling that individuals would try to sell these items 
for profit to people they believed were international arms dealers," Myers said 
in a statement.
　　One San Diego resident, Erika Jardine, was sentenced on Wednesday to six 
months in prison by a federal court in Philadelphia for selling U.S. 
property.
　　ICE agents began investigating Jardine in June 2004 after she was 
discovered selling 18 stolen ballistic vests on eBay to agents posing as 
overseas arms dealers.
　　Their investigation led them to several U.S. Marines stationed at Camp 
Pendleton who had sold equipment to Jardine. Eight people, some of them Marines 
and several civilians, have since been arrested on charges of stealing 
government property and other arrests are expected.
　　ICE agents said they had recovered or purchased items worth more than 
$63,000 including tactical vests, protective insets, helmets, gas masks, M-16 
assault rifle magazines and more than 100,000 Iraqi dinars.
　　美国国土安全部官员22日说，一个准备将盗来的军用防弹衣卖给国际武器商的9人团伙日前被逮捕，犯罪嫌疑人中包括几名美海军军人。这些防弹衣原本是打算用来保护驻伊美军士兵的。
　　据路透社2月22日报道，有关官员表示，这些被盗窃的防弹衣、头盔和增强护板是来自美国加利福尼亚州圣地亚哥的一处海军基地。犯罪嫌疑人企图通过互联网销赃。美国国土安全部移民和海关执法局官员朱莉・迈尔斯在一份声明中说：“我们在伊拉克的士兵正需要所有能弄到的防弹衣，有人在这时将其偷走然后公开出售，这叫人非常担心。”
　　费城联邦法院当天以私售国家财产的罪名，判处圣地亚哥市居民埃丽卡・贾丁6个月监禁。移民和海关执法局在对埃丽卡的追踪过程中，追查出了向她转卖防弹衣的另外8名海军基地人员，其中包括几名军人。
　　美国海军曾于2004年4月处理过一起类似案件，海军士兵马文・芬尼斯塔斯将偷来的至少110套美军防弹衣在网上大肆出售。
　　由于缺少合格的防护装备，美国陆军1月份宣布将尽快开始生产23万件侧身防弹护甲，并在今年内配发给驻伊拉克及阿富汗的美军。
　　