
　　Greenland's glaciers are dumping twice as much ice into the Atlantic Ocean 
now as five years ago because glaciers are moving and melting more quickly, 
researchers said on Thursday.
　　This could mean oceans will rise even faster than forecast, and rising 
surface air temperatures appear to be to blame, the researchers report in 
Friday's issue of the journal Science.
　　"This change, combined with increased melting, suggests that existing 
estimates of future sea level rise are too low," Julian Dowdeswell of the Scott 
Polar Research Institute at Britain's Cambridge University wrote in a 
commentary.
　　"At 1.7 million square km (656,000 square miles), up to 3 km (nearly two 
miles) thick and a little smaller than Mexico, the Greenland Ice Sheet would 
raise global sea level by about 7 meters (22 feet) if it melted completely."
　　The study did not explore what is causing the rising air temperatures in 
Greenland, but most scientists agree that human activity, notably the burning of 
fossil fuels, is playing an important role in global warming.
　　Eric Rignot of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory at the California Institute 
of Technology and Pannir Kanagaratnam of the University of Kansas used satellite 
data to track the movement of Greenland's glaciers, which slide slowly down to 
the sea and deposit ice.
　　They calculated that Greenland contributes about 0.02 inch (half a 
millimeter) to the annual 0.1 inch (3 mm) rise in global sea levels.
　　Since 1996, southeast Greenland's outlet glaciers have been flowing more 
quickly and since 2000 glaciers farther north have also sped up.
　　Rignot and Kanagaratnam found that ice loss due to glacier flow has 
increased from 12 cubic miles of ice loss per year in 1996 to 36 cubic miles of 
ice loss per year in 2005.
　　"It takes a long time to build and melt an ice sheet, but glaciers can 
react quickly to temperature changes," Rignot said in a statement.
　　He said the models now used to predict how much ice Greenland will lose, 
and what effect that will have on sea levels, may underestimate the outcome.
　　Rising air temperatures are clearly a factor, the researchers told a 
meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, which 
publishes Science.
　　Over the last 20 years, the air temperature in southeast Greenland has 
risen by 5.4 degrees F (3 degrees C).
　　Warmer air lubricates the bottoms of glaciers, helping them slide 
faster.
　　"Climate warming can work in different ways, but generally speaking, if you 
warm up the ice sheet, the glacier will flow faster," said Rignot.
　　And it may melt even more quickly in years to come, he added.
　　"The southern half of Greenland is reacting to what we think is climate 
warming. The northern half is waiting, but I don't think it's going to take 
long," Rignot said.
　　美国研究人员2月16日表示，由于气温变暖，冰山移动及融化速度加快，这导致格陵兰岛的冰山崩塌融化，向大西洋倾注的冰量是5年前的两倍。
　　据路透社2月16日报道，这种现象意味着，海平面上升的速度比人们预想的要快。对此，英国剑桥大学斯科特极地研究院的朱利安・道兹威尔认为，“这种变化显示出，目前人们对未来海平面上升情况的估计太微不足道了”。“格陵兰冰盖的面积约为170万平方公里，厚度为3公里 
，如果它完全融化，那么海平面将被抬高7米”。
　　美国宇航局喷气推进实验室的埃里克・利格诺特和美国堪萨斯大学的潘尼尔・卡那格拉特纳利用卫星数据对格陵兰岛冰山的运动进行了监控研究。他们计算出，全球海平面每年升高0.1英寸，其中就有0.02英寸是由于格陵兰岛冰山融化所致。他们发现，由于冰山移动所造成的冰川流失从1996年的每年12立方英里上升到了2005年的每年36立方英里。
　　对此，利格诺特在一份声明中表示：“冰山的形成和融化需要很长时间，但是它们会对温度的变化做出快速反应。”他还说，目前人们所使用的，用来预测格陵兰岛冰山消融情况以及它对海平面产生何种影响的模型可能会低估真实结果。
　　报道说，利格诺特和卡那格拉特纳的研究并没有探究是什么原因导致格陵兰岛的空气温度上升的，但众多科学家认为，人类的行为，特别是化石燃料的燃烧从中扮演着重要的作用。在过去20年中，格陵兰东南部的空气温度提高了大约3摄氏度。更温暖的空气让冰山的底座变得更光滑，冰山的移动速度从而也更快了。研究报告将被发表在2月17日的《科学》杂志上。
　　