
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 来源：Techweb 作者：祝志军
　　路透社刚刚的消息：新浪6.4%股票被收购，根据美国证券交易所的交易文件，Michael J.G. 
Gleissner收购了343万股新浪股票。路透社估计：目前盛大仍有约18.43新浪股票。
　　根据新浪股权结构，Michael J.G. Gleissner超过四通集团，成为新浪第二大股东。对此，盛大和新浪都未发表任何评论。
　　SHANGHAI, April 14 (Reuters) - A buyer has acquired 6.4 percent of Sina 
Corp. (SINA.O: Quote, Profile, Research), China's top Web portal and subject of 
a 2005 hostile takeover bid by Shanda Interactive Games Ltd. (SNDA.O: Quote, 
Profile, Research), according to a regulatory filing.
　　Michael J.G. Gleissner now owns 3.43 million shares of Sina, equating to 
6.4 percent of the company's total, according to a filing on Thursday with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
　　As of March 31, Shanda was Sina's largest individual stakeholder with 18.43 
percent of shares outstanding, according to Reuters Estimates.
　　The next biggest individual shareholder, Stone Group Hi-Tech Co. Ltd., held 
a 4.7 percent stake, while different units of U.S. financial services firm Legg 
Mason held a similar amount combined.
　　Stone was previously a major Sina stakeholder, with 20.63 percent of the 
company at the end of 2002.
　　But it sold off much of that and had 4.96 percent, it said in a statement 
in February 2005, adding it was going to seek shareholder approval to keep 
selling down that stake.
　　A Shanda spokesman had no comment on the Gleissner purchase, and a Sina 
spokeswoman also had no comment.
　　Shanda made its hostile bid for Sina early in 2005, buying nearly 20 
percent of the company on the open market.
　　Both sides have declined to comment since then, but talk on the street was 
the two sides held some talks but failed to reach a deal due to disagreement 
over price.
　　Since then, rumours have swirled that Shanda, an online game operator which 
has recently run into its own difficulties as one of its most popular titles 
matures, was trying to unload its stake but was facing difficulty due to the 
large size.
　　Last month, Hong Kong's Wen Wei Po newspaper reported that China-focused 
media firm Tom Group (2383.HK: Quote, Profile, Research) was in talks to buy 
Shanda's Sina stake, citing an unnamed source.
　　Sina shares closed up 2.9 percent in U.S. trading on Thursday.
　　